---
title: 2006 vs 2016
author: Vadim Brodsky
description: >-
  So this year there is this thing going around: me in 2006 vs me in 2016. So I
  decided to get on this bandwagon and combine it with my yearly retrospective
  post.
image:
  src: images/2016.png
  alt: '2016'
pubDate: 2016-12-21T00:00:00.000Z
published: true
tags: ['life', 'new-year', 'retrospective']
---

So this year there is this thing going around: me in 2006 vs me in 2016. So I decided to get on this bandwagon and combine it with my yearly retrospective post.

In 2006 my family had our annual trip to a new country - Australia. We visited Sydney, Uluru, Alice Springs, and Cairns during the 2 weeks that we were here. I was a small boy, exploring the world, one country at a time, trying to not get eaten alive by flies (as you can see by the photo).

Now, 10 years later, I am once again in Australia, more specifically Sydney, living my life here as a uni graduate and a software developer. Could I have imagined that I would be here right now 10 years ago? Probably not, but I am sure glad as to what I have achieved and how much I have grown.

So what actually happened this year? (And last year kinda, cause I never did a 2015 retrospective, and [2014](/posts/2014/2014-retrospective/) was still in Japan )

- I got a proper job in IT in 2015, working as a software developer at WiseTech Global and I am really loving it! Still there, going strong, working on some really cool stuff.
- I gave little Ringo-chan an uplift in February by [redesigning this whole site](/posts/2016/jamiejakov-blog-4-0-りんごジュース/).
- Alex and  I moved to a new apartment in Mascot, now 10 minutes away from work in Alexandria.
- Went to [Singapore](/posts/2016/singapore-2016/) and [Malaysia](/posts/2016/malaysia-2016/) with my parents in March.
- At around this time as well, I started doing sunrise and milky way photography with my coworker [Anton](http://www.antongorlin.com). Even though I have been taking photos since 2006 (what a coincidence!), but now I believe I can truly explore this hobby more without having to travel somewhere far. Check out my photos on [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/jamiejakov/sets).
- You know what a NAS is? what PLEX is? Well neither did I until I got a [NAS](/posts/2016/my-home-media-server-nas/) and installed [PLEX](/posts/2016/my-home-media-server-plex/) on it and now I have my whole media collection available to me anywhere.
- June = Pokemon GO! came out allowing us to catch Pokemon everywhere! "A new region to explore, a whole new bunch of Pokemon to catch!"  - [Vadim 2014](/posts/2014/2014-retrospective/)
- Then pretty much since July I didn't blog as much and didnt do as much, was just focusing on work and getting my visa situation sorted out. Now I have a 4 year temporary working visa (457), so then in about 2, I can apply for permanent residency!)
- In October, my parents came to visit me for [my graduation!](/posts/2016/ive-graduated/) Thats right I am done with uni, no more classes, no more lectures.... no more fun times with my friends from the anime club... No not really, I am forever their [we(e)bmaster](https://www.flickr.com/photos/animesydney/albums/72157673628741283).
- Oh and of course we went to [Middle Earth](/posts/2016/there-and-back-again/) and visited Hobbiton. That was amazing. Wish the weather was a bit better, but hey, what can you do.
- And now I find myself spending Christmas and New Years with my friends, and looking forward to a great 2017.

Hope you all had a good year, and see you all in the future!
